Ticket 32559 (#14532)
django/django: docs/ref/forms/fields.txt

        The maximum number of decimal places permitted.

    .. attribute:: step_size

> 
>         Limit valid inputs to an integral multiple of ``step_size``.
> 
>     .. versionchanged:: 4.1
> 
>         The ``step_size`` argument was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        .. versionadded:: 4.1
        
        Limit valid inputs to an integral multiple of ``step_size``.
```

      ``False``, else :class:`TextInput`.
    * Empty value: ``None``
    * Normalizes to: A Python ``decimal``.

>     * Validates that the given value is a decimal.

Reviewer 2: Can you minimise the unrelated wrapping changes? 🤔

        The maximum number of decimal places permitted.

    .. attribute:: step_size

        Limit valid inputs to an integral multiple of ``step_size``.

> 

Reviewer 2: Needs `versionchanged`

      ``False``, else :class:`TextInput`.
    * Empty value: ``None``
    * Normalizes to: A Python float.
    * Validates that the given value is a float.
      Uses :class:`~django.core.validators.MaxValueValidator` and
      :class:`~django.core.validators.MinValueValidator` if ``max_value`` and
      ``min_value`` are provided.
      Uses :class:`~django.core.validators.StepValueValidator` if ``step_size``
      is provided.
      Leading and trailing whitespace is allowed, as in Python's ``float()``
      function.
    * Error message keys: ``required``, ``invalid``, ``max_value``,
      ``min_value``, ``step_size``.

    Takes three optional arguments:

    .. attribute:: max_value
    .. attribute:: min_value

        These control the range of values permitted in the field.

    .. attribute:: step_size

>         Limit valid inputs to an integral multiple of ``step_size``.

Reviewer 2: Needs `versionchanged`.

      ``False``, else :class:`TextInput`.
    * Empty value: ``None``
    * Normalizes to: A Python integer.
    * Validates that the given value is an integer.
      Uses :class:`~django.core.validators.MaxValueValidator` and
      :class:`~django.core.validators.MinValueValidator` if ``max_value`` and
      ``min_value`` are provided.
      Uses :class:`~django.core.validators.StepValueValidator` if ``step_size``
      is provided.
      Leading and trailing whitespace is allowed, as in Python's ``int()``
      function.
    * Error message keys: ``required``, ``invalid``, ``max_value``,
      ``min_value``, ``step_size``

    The ``max_value``, ``min_value`` and ``step_size`` error messages may
    contain ``%(limit_value)s``, which will be substituted by the appropriate
    limit.

    Takes three optional arguments for validation:

    .. attribute:: max_value
    .. attribute:: min_value

        These control the range of values permitted in the field.

    .. attribute:: step_size

        Limit valid inputs to an integral multiple of ``step_size``.

> 

Reviewer 2: Needs `versionchanged` for this.

    * Validates that the given value is an integer. Uses
      :class:`~django.core.validators.MaxValueValidator` and
      :class:`~django.core.validators.MinValueValidator` if ``max_value`` and
      ``min_value`` are provided. Uses
      :class:`~django.core.validators.StepValueValidator` if ``step_size`` is
      provided. Leading and trailing whitespace is allowed, as in Python's
      ``int()`` function.
    * Error message keys: ``required``, ``invalid``, ``max_value``,
      ``min_value``, ``step_size``

    The ``max_value``, ``min_value`` and ``step_size`` error messages may
    contain ``%(limit_value)s``, which will be substituted by the appropriate
    limit.

    Takes three optional arguments for validation:

    .. attribute:: max_value
    .. attribute:: min_value

        These control the range of values permitted in the field.

>     .. attribute:: step_size
> 
>         Limit valid inputs to an integral multiple of ``step_size``.
> 
>     .. versionchanged:: 4.1
> 
>         The ``step_size`` argument was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. attribute:: step_size
    
        .. versionadded:: 4.1
    
        Limit valid inputs to an integral multiple of ``step_size``.
```
